hello everyone jab mann 025 here today
I'm taking a look at a little custom
mech i have made which i have titled the
RX 77 rhino it is a variation on the gun
cannon I've always wanted to create my
own custom Mac my own design my own
ideas and recently I got a kit that was
fairly cheap and I decided to use it to
create this kit I decided on the gun can
because there are a lot of variations on
the Gundam but not as many on the gun
can and I thought it'd be fun so let's
have a look see what I did now the main
base for this kit is the Gundam
ground-type was able to get one fairly
cheap and I already have a Gundam Brown
type so I figured okay I'll use this for
a custom design there you see the base
head for the most part and the base
chest for the most part I remove some
pieces and I'm going to be replacing
them with green stuff modeling clay I've
used that in the past and i'll be using
to sculpt and sand and clean that up now
you see the head I kind of went for a
single visor can like the gun cannon and
kind of made it look like a welder's
mask you can see I gave it two horns
kind of given the throw I got the name
rhino from the chest I filled in some
gaps and made a little more smooth and
one layer for these shoulders i just
filled in that gap there on the regular
gundam ground type there's a little bar
section that goes there i just got rid
of that as you can see there i was
considering leaving the shoulder off an
armored entirely but because the
original gun cannon didn't have shoulder
armor but i just had to go and go with
it chest as i said filled in the gaps
the head again give it a little bit of a
goatee there the knees i changed a
little bit i gave it a new knee section
and the most difficult part of this was
getting both knees to look pretty much
the same took a lot of sanding a lot of
cleaning a lot of measuring to get these
just about the same it didn't come out
one hundred percent perfect but it came
out pretty good
now the color is of course in doing a
custom color scheme with this for the
red I use blood red from citadel paints
wanted a little bit different Red Sea
for the head I come with a little mohawk
type thing on these shoulders I wanted
to do some striping you can see they're
completely uneven now but they don't
need to be because i'm going to add some
blue painters tape and cut that straight
so I add the second layer of paint it'll
be nice and even did the same thing to
the legs one of a stripe on the front
part of the leg and on the back at more
of a curved angle and once again blue
painters tape to clean that up make it
nice and even
and the second layer of paint i use is
obviously black straight black from
Tamiya as you can see it's very very
glossy I gave a black background so you
can see just how crazy glossy this was
way too glossy so I'm gonna have to have
a matte coat from here which I did now
for the Canon this is a gun cannon
variation I use these two hinges that
actually came off the Gundam
ground-types backpack and what it's
going to do is sit here on the shoulder
there's going to be one cannon it holds
and one cannon on the shoulder i
modified the cannon that came with the
gun ground type I slipped that little
gear in there turned it upside down I
also add a second gun layer the hand
cannon that I'm using is a custom weapon
I got called the or gun this was pre
molded and all the colors you don't have
to do any painting the cast was all
right there were a couple air pockets I
had to fill in but it was still all
right and this one that expensive so
that was kind of fun and it's a big gun
and I wanted to do something for the
backpack so I got these parts here which
are just plumbing parts which I got it a
hardware store glued them together and
it made two tanks which I'm going to put
on the backpack and here you see the two
cannons this hand cannon is so huge that
it's pretty much takes two hands to hold
it and the one on the shoulder is on a
double hinge so it'll move just about
anywhere I want it will straight up or I
can fold it to the back and you can see
I added the machine gun on top of that
cannon but I won't get much pose ability
out of the hand cannon it's just so huge
and the tanks on the back i repainted
and I titanium silver and I think that
kind of looks good against the black
background and i held that on with green
stuff as well and you see the final
product I've added a little cable that
runs from the gun to the backpack so
this
give the illusion either a flame floor
or a hyper mega launcher not sure which
like I said to put a machine gun on top
of that cannon painted the barrel silver
so it's a little different and I added
the name rhino to the ankle armor kinda
like the Gundam nt1 how they put Alex on
the shield this little paint it on rhino
is a little something fun add a little
red to the end of the barrel there so
kind of gives it a more weapon feel but
I think it turned out pretty good final
thoughts on this kit I'm giving this kid
a thumbs up I'll freely admit this
wasn't my best paint job ever done there
was a few flaws in it the paint got a
little clumpy in places but overall not
bad not my best paint job but I do like
the fact that it's an original piece
it's kind of based on a gun cannon kind
of based on a Gundam but it's still
original I'm the only one who has it and
I kind of enjoyed that facet of it so
thumbs up I enjoyed it well thanks for
watching guys let me know what you think
you guys know love read those comments
what do you think the final product
you've got any questions ask on my last
room as best I can and stay tuned for
more my next video should be up very
shortly because my next project won't
take very long at all so stay tuned for
that and I'll see you guys next time oh
and one more thing huh you think I'll
get in trouble for putting a giant
cannon on this thing yeah probably